Specify the "tries" column in resource status indicates the status type (#4831)
centreon/centreon-documentation: versioned_docs/version-25.10/alerts-notifications/concepts.md

* **SOFT**: Means that an incident has just been detected and that it has to be confirmed.
* **HARD**: Means that the status of the incident is confirmed. Once the status is confirmed, the notification process is triggered (sending of an email, SMS, etc.).

> The number of tries out of 3 to confirm the status is visible in the **Tries** column in the **Resource Status** page along with the letter corresponding the type of status.

Author: ```suggestion
The **Tries** column in the **Resource Status** page indicates the number of attempts to confirm a status. It also shows a letter (H or S) corresponding the type of status.
```

* **SOFT**: Means that an incident has just been detected and that it has to be confirmed.
* **HARD**: Means that the status of the incident is confirmed. Once the status is confirmed, the notification process is triggered (sending of an email, SMS, etc.).

> The **Tries** column in the **Resource Status** page indicates the number of attempts to confirm a status. It also shows a letter (H or S) corresponding the type of status.

Author: ```suggestion
The **Tries** column in the **Resource Status** page indicates the number of attempts made to confirm a status. It also shows a letter (H or S) corresponding the type of status.
```
